Cloud k8s management (#475)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.3.0/advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/node-group-management-on-eks.md

---
title:  Node-Group Management on AWS EKS
weight: 4
---

> EKS supports configuring the same launch template. The nodes in the node-group will recycle when updating the launch template version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EKS supports configuring the same launch template. The nodes in the node-group will be recycled and new nodes w/ new configurations will be created, when updating the launch template version.
```

Author: Addressed.

See [Launch template support](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html) for more information.

> Following is an example to replace cluster nodes with a new storage size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example to replace cluster nodes with new storage size.
```

Author: Addressed.

## Storage Expansion

1. In Longhorn, set `replica-replenishment-wait-interval` to `0`.

2. Go to the launch template of the EKS cluster node-group. You can find in the EKS cluster tab `Configuration/Compute/<node-group-name>` and click the launch template.

> 3. Click `Modify template (Create new version)` in the `Actions` dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click `Modify template (Create new version)` in the `Actions` drop-down menu.
```

Author: Addressed.
